nrf: doc: release notes for TF-M and for Zephyr "architectures" area (#3891)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-latest.rst

-------------------

* Added a simple sample that demonstrates how to integrate TF-M in an application.

> * Made it possible to use platform code residing outside of the trusted-firmware-m

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enabled using the platform code that resides outside of the Trusted Firmware-M repository.
  This allows for providing configurable memory partitioning in the nRF Connect SDK.
```

Author: done @b-gent , pls, revisit.

-------------------

* Added a simple sample that demonstrates how to integrate TF-M in an application.

> * Enabled using the platform code that resides outside of the Trusted Firmware-M

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Enabled using platform code that resides outside of the Trusted Firmware-M
```

Author: done @oyvindronningstad thanks

>   repository. This allows for providing configurable memory partitioning in the

Reviewer: @ioannisg please change to adhere to 'one sentence - one line' rule in RST docs ( no 100 char limit here)
So the first sentence should not be broken and the second one should start in newline.
